src/toolbar/README.md, before:

# @dojo/widgets/toolbar widget

Dojo 2's `Toolbar` component can be used to display an application navigation bar that can show a title and action items. Action elements can be configured to automatically collapse into a `SlidePane` component, and the `Toolbar` itself can be configured to either be fixed or statically positioned.

## Features

- Capable of auto-collapsing action elements into `SlidePane`
- Capable of rendering either a fixed or statically positioned root element
- Customizable `title` element

### Accessibility Features

The menu button displays screen-readable text that's visually hidden and its icon has an `aria-hidden` attribute. However, the `Toolbar` component makes no assumptions about what content will be inserted through `actions`. If you wish to create a site-wide navigation section, it would be best to wrap links in an element with the appropriate semantics (e.g. `<nav>` or `role="navigation"`.)

## Themeing

The following CSS classes are used to style the `Toolbar` widget and should be provided by custom themes:

- `action`: Applied to the parent of each action item
- `actions`: Applied to the parent of the actions container
- `collapsed`: Applied to the root node if the root width is less than `collapseWidth`
- `menuButton`: Applied to the menu trigger
- `root`: Applied to the top-level wrapper node
- `sticky`: Applied to the root node if `fixed` is `true`
- `title`: Applied to the node containing the title element

## Example Usage

*Basic Example*
```typescript
import Toolbar from '@dojo/widgets/toolbar';
import { w } from '@dojo/widget-core/d';

w(Toolbar, {
	heading: 'My Site',
	fixed: true,
	collapseWidth: 720
}, [
	v('a', { href: '/#home' }, [ 'Home' ]),
	v('a', { href: '/#about' }, [ 'About' ]),
	v('a', { href: '/#contact' }, [ 'Contact' ])
])
```

Commit message:

Fix Toolbar fixed height, dont wrap content, hide button when no actions (#504)
* Fix: Toolbar should not wrap content

Update the Toolbar widget to sit alongside content widgets instead of
wrapping them, which allows the current scroll position to be maintained
when navigating away from the screen and then returning.

Remove the Toolbar's content `div` and associated classes; place the
title, actions, and button directly beneath the root node; and remove
the toolbar node wrapper and associated classes. Also, disable setting
the position to `Position.bottom` when the `fixed` property is falsy, as
this functionality is better served by a footer component.

* Adds a static parent container which is sized via TypeScript

* added check for collapsed and width

* fix styles

* fix fixed styles

* change children fix tests

* fix functional test

src/toolbar/README.md, after:

# @dojo/widgets/toolbar widget

Dojo 2's `Toolbar` component can be used to display an application navigation bar that can show a title and action items. Action elements can be configured to automatically collapse into a `SlidePane` component, and the `Toolbar` itself can be configured to either be fixed or statically positioned.

## Features

- Capable of auto-collapsing action elements into `SlidePane`
- Capable of rendering either a fixed or statically positioned root element
- Capable of positioning a _fixed_ toolbar at the top or the bottom of the viewport. Note that statically positioning a toolbar at the bottom is not supported.
- Customizable `title` element

### Accessibility Features

The menu button displays screen-readable text that's visually hidden and its icon has an `aria-hidden` attribute. However, the `Toolbar` component makes no assumptions about what content will be inserted through `actions`. If you wish to create a site-wide navigation section, it would be best to wrap links in an element with the appropriate semantics (e.g. `<nav>` or `role="navigation"`.)

## Themeing

The following CSS classes are used to style the `Toolbar` widget and should be provided by custom themes:

- `action`: Applied to the parent of each action item
- `actions`: Applied to the parent of the actions container
- `collapsed`: Applied to the root node if the root width is less than `collapseWidth`
- `menuButton`: Applied to the menu trigger
- `root`: Applied to the top-level wrapper node
- `sticky`: Applied to the root node if `fixed` is `true`
- `title`: Applied to the node containing the title element

## Example Usage

*Basic Example*
```typescript
import Toolbar from '@dojo/widgets/toolbar';
import { w } from '@dojo/widget-core/d';

w(Toolbar, {
	heading: 'My Site',
	fixed: true,
	collapseWidth: 720
}, [
	v('a', { href: '/#home' }, [ 'Home' ]),
	v('a', { href: '/#about' }, [ 'About' ]),
	v('a', { href: '/#contact' }, [ 'Contact' ])
])
```
